hello friends another video today we will be
full of videos this Friday is about
Caspa is a company that parent company
is the same as ai flight in fact we
warn that for the moment the balance
is the money that we have to collect
we will go to ashley's balance so
It is recommended that you register in
height and also the two links of
registration will be in the description
of the video as always the record here
it's very simple it's just the mail
electronic the password and then
check from the mail and a code
verification code to a link of
verification and are already active in atl
and let's see how is the registration in a
cold and quickly
I logically have the account but
let's open it quickly for those who
they are not going to give you in the link
Invitation Page Now yes
they will give you in the registration link and
here they are simply going to login
here if we can withdraw from our
and so we can remove and that
paypal
and what we do here then we have a
account or if we are not going to give you
register we can register with
facebook in caspe and we can also
register with facebook but I
I prefer to always register with the
mail
they are simply these data the name a
username the mail that is with the
that are going to be that the account are going to
confirm the mail type of shorteners
then we will leave it in the first
that we see just cut off we are not going to
pay for advertising
the password and the image that are
numbers and confirm and accept terms and
conditions and ready then that we're going to
enter here in exercise as well as
We were going to do, I'm going to leave here
remember me we started the session if it's with
facebook then facebook if not with the
mail that have been registered
and here once they are in here it appears
our balance and here we will accumulate
what we do in caspe that in theory is
what will happen here as you know we won
for visits is very very very little
in fact in 1525 visits I do not have
still not a dollar because he is
how little is this but good and here in
withdraw here is where they will be
linked let's put our accounts
paypal etc. to make the withdrawal
when we want to do it and ready
then create the account of attracted very
just give the simple click the
link that I will leave to play
he also has a referral plan
that well, something will help us
move forward a bit then in this way
we would work on the play and catch pig of the
same simultaneous
Here we are going to pass it to adf light
this is during the beta at this time
the beta version and the one that we
we are testing and will be private is
say is going to have in limited users and
and then they will use paypal page there
other means of payment as they were
what else do they have
it's very similar I've seen it very similar
to what would be a classic appetite
as clicks on zone or bus has offers
view ads a game grid
has prizes that the prizes claim
obtaining a series of points that more
that we will all get in offers
that follow me they will know that I do not do these
offers very often
also on the homepage asks us
fill out a survey to receive
subsequently logically surveys
here we are going to have a chat remember that
this is the beta version then still
it's not here the prizes are good
referred to our link and the
retirement here being it is exactly what
himself and as he is counting he no longer has
nothing the rewards referred on shots
edit account
here it is
I want to see
let's do this on account of africa i
I imagine it's the moment mail
and yes for the moment we enter the mail
from android that is our way in the
what are we going to charge
out we can not put details
our country and so on the country does not
we can change
and already to do the activities it is
just like a classic request here
I recommend that you fill out this survey
let's fill it up quickly
well I have to tell you that the survey
is in income so everything is in
English in fact when we have already
completed the survey now simply
We're staying
in
to see the ads
these are the offers that I have already
said and here are the ads better
said here below we will also have the
home page our tasks 5 15 and
5 seconds to 90 and few remember that
this is beta
let's see initially is us
asking here for the captcha before entering
to the ad
we sent it
and start running time five
seconds
validation file was an error has occurred
While clicking, please close
the window and try three can be
mistakes so we're in an option
beta let's try with others
just to see but they will put in
good court
basically I want more
as a direct game capture
and we are the five seconds we are going to
return if there is no fault
remember that this is the beta this
announcement yes it was done well and already
we close here because we get the
prices 00 1000 2500 10 of the time that
you have to visualize the boys is not
more this is the new ppc castilla
recommended because it is dead fly at the price
a pretty serious company then they
I will leave as always the registration ring
in the description of the video or the blog
we are talking